If a normal user-mode application crashes, the worst that happens is that it loses any unsaved data it had in its memory space.  The operating system can step in, collect a crash report, and release any resources (CPU, memory, etc) that the application was consuming.  Nothing else is impacted, the damage is "contained" to that process only.

Because drivers operate in kernel mode, when they go wrong, they **really** go wrong.  When a user-mode application closes, it's the kernel that ensures any resources are freed.  However, if we have memory leaks in a driver, the kernel will not clean those up for us.  Any resources leaked by a driver cannot be freed until the system is rebooted.  Unsafe actions can also result in the good old "[blue screen of death](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blue_screen_of_death)" (BSOD).  These are generally caused under one of two conditions:

1. Some corruption has occurred where the operating system simply cannot (or would be unsafe to) continue running.
2. Kernel Patch Protection (KPP) detects a violation and triggers the [KeBugCheck](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/ddi/ntddk/nf-ntddk-kebugcheck) routine.



KeBugCheck (referred to hereon in as "bug check") forces a BSOD with the provided error code.  A friendly, readable(ish) version of the error code is shown on the BSOD so the user has a chance (albeit marginal) of understanding what went wrong.

The kernel is such a fragile place, it's like walking on eggshells.  Even trying to read memory at an incorrect location can trigger a bug check.  None of this matters when it's just you in your development environment, but as soon as you start using drivers offensively in penetration testing and red team engagements, the risk of crashing a client's system should be a significant concern.